Make IQP accept wires instead of num_wires (#9419)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>Breaking changes 💔</h3>

* :class:`~.IQP` no longer accepts `num_wires`. Instead, `wires` should be passed

>   explicitly, to match the behaviour of most `Templates`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  explicitly, to match the behaviour of all other `Operator` classes.
```

Author: thanks

<h3>Breaking changes 💔</h3>

* :class:`~.IQP` no longer accepts `num_wires`. Instead, `wires` should be passed
  explicitly, to match the behaviour of all other `Operator` classes.

>   [(#9419)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/9419)

Reviewer 2: Hi @comp-phys-marc, what do you think about adding an example here to illustrate the change?

Is the change simply replacing:
`qp.IQP(weights=weights, **num_wires**=2, pattern=pattern, spin_sym=spin_sym)`
by
`qp.IQP(weights=weights, **wires**=2, pattern=pattern, spin_sym=spin_sym)`

Author: Sure I can add an example!

Author: Added! Please note that the updated example would be 

```
qp.IQP(weights=weights, wires=[0, 1], pattern=pattern, spin_sym=spin_sym)
```

and not 

```
qp.IQP(weights=weights, wires=2, pattern=pattern, spin_sym=spin_sym)
```
